Clarify docs for how PRs should be completed by maintainers (#7829)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Homebrew-homebrew-core-Merge-Checklist.md

- if CI is green and...
  - formula `bottle :unneeded`, you can merge it through GitHub UI
  - bottles need to be pulled, and...

>     - the commits are correct and don't need changes, approve the PR to trigger an automatic merge (use `brew pr-publish $PR_ID` for new formulae to trigger manually)

Reviewer: Since it's not just new formula I think this might be better

```suggestion
    - the commits are correct and don't need changes, approve the PR to trigger an automatic merge (use `brew pr-publish $PR_ID` to trigger manually in case of a new formula)
```
